###README##Purpose of ProjectThe purpose of this project is to demonstrate your ability to collect, work with, and clean a data set. The goal is to prepare tidy data that can be used for later analysis. You will be graded by your peers on a series of yes/no questions related to the project. You will be required to submit: 1)	a tidy data set as described below2)	a link to a Github repository with your script for performing the analysis3)	 a code book that describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work that you performed to clean up the data called CodeBook.md. 4)	a README.md in the repo with your scripts. This repo explains how all of the scripts work and how they are connected.  ##ObjectivesThe run_analysis.R performs the following:1.	Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.2.	Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.3.	Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set4.	Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive activity names.5.	Creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.##Files in the Repository1.	README.md2.	CodeBook.md3.	run_analysis.R##Dataset location and full description locationDataset location: https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zipFull Description: http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones##Steps involves in run_analysis.R1)	Downloads the dataset UCI HAR Dataset, unzips and places it in directory. Reads the test and train datasets, test and train subjects and test and train activity labels. The respective datasets are concatenated separately using rbind and named mergeddataset, mergedsubject and mergedactivitylabels. The variables mergeddataset, mergedsubject and mergedactivitylabels are merged to one data frame using cbind and called data1.2)	Only the means and standard deviation are extracted from the features dataset. This is done using the grep and subset functions. The outcome variable is called data2.3)	Read the activity labels file, modify the labels to lower case using tolower and replace the underscore using gsub. Then use the descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data.4)	Label the dataset with appropriate descriptive activity names by using the function gsub.5)	Calculate the average of each variable for each activity and each subject based on the dataset, data2, using the aggregate function, and name the resulting dataset, data. Output the tidy dataset as tidydata.txt.